Jessica A: so horrible.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Richelle Direny: I keep forgetting to put this thing in my
Richelle Direny: It's a good thing, the thing so loud that when you when you talk them out here in
A right
Richelle Direny: Look, I was just about to send you. So the thing is we're supposed to make everyone like even though you messaged me on that you're in a virtual clinic. I said, at least like I knew
Richelle Direny: When I started, um,
Richelle Direny: I said to give it time because I know sometimes virtual training takes a little while to check over
Jessica A: One in
Jessica A: The right
Richelle Direny: Give it to you by a certain time, we'll have to sneak
Jessica A: Right, well now they've got they changed it around where they were when you come in.
Jessica A: They send you to somebody else and to another breakout room and I think what they're doing it because the past couple of times I've logged in.
Jessica A: Which a virtual clinic and then they've sent me to the same guy that I've dealt with.
Jessica A: It seemed like you're trying to break it down like
Jessica A: To certain people. You know what I mean.
Richelle Direny: So you only login with certain people
Jessica A: By which I mean I guess it makes it easier because like I asked him if he had fixed the address thing in the system. And he like immediately knew what I was talking about. I didn't have to you know re explain myself or anything. So that made it kind of butter so
Richelle Direny: Do you get my kids got my tricks, though, right, reminding you to it, even though I just told it to you.
Jessica A: Right, yeah.
Jessica A: Yeah, yeah, yeah. It came through this time.
Richelle Direny: So how's everything
Jessica A: I'm good.
Jessica A: My doctor put me on
Jessica A: Some different sleeping Mamas and
Jessica A: Some different mood stabilizers and anxiety meds because
Jessica A: I mean she when I first moved to me as feels she was my primary care doctor
Jessica A: Even though she served urgent care. She's also a primary care doctor to
Jessica A: And she's a Mansfield two days a week. And she kind of does both like mental and physical doctor. So, which is good. I don't have to go
Jessica A: To just eat. You see what I'm saying, like, I don't have to see a bunch of different doctors and blah, blah, blah. As you knows my medical history, and my past. And when I went to Dr. Sheikh or of course I've explained everything over again and he referred me to
Jessica A: Dr design, which is, who was assigned my disability paperwork. So I got terminated from disability and this was like back in 2018
Jessica A: And so when Dr. T core locked. I was like, man, what am I going to do so. I seen Dr. I, they sent me a list of actors and I picked Dr. Richardson, because
Jessica A: When I first started on the the
Jessica A: buprenorphine. He was one of the prescribers and he knows a lot of my past, too. So I thought, you know, well, you know, he knows who I am, you know, my past. I won't have to explain it.
Jessica A: Well, I went in and it was a medical practitioner of another doctor. It was his why eighth and she was like, I'm not giving you nothing. She was like,
Jessica A: You need to go somewhere where you can get the help that you need. I was like, whoa, my blood pressure medication. And I asked reflex medication.
Jessica A: She's like, I'm not getting out of it to. I was like, okay, so I you know i just i got yeah I got depressed, you know, because like I can't afford us up out of pocket. I mean, especially for even if it's a generic have members all that stuff's expensive.
Jessica A: For heartburn and they don't buy boiling Kim one by blood pressure medicine over the counter.
Jessica A: So,
Jessica A: I called you know her. She's like, oh yeah, she's like, I'll take it as a primary care. She was like, you know, she was like, just come in and what's great is I mean she Julian on me. It's real two days a week, but it's all on Monday to Wednesday and she's there from 10am to 10pm.
Jessica A: So, and
Jessica A: So I wasn't seeing her. And I explained to her, you know, everything and
Jessica A: She was like my my blood pressure was extremely high. It was like two, three or 118 and she said, That's not good. I was like, well, you know, I know.
Jessica A: So 18 yeah that my blood pressure is never ran that high, ever, ever, ever, ever. I mean, that my blood pressure. I didn't like rise until after my mom passed away and I mean it was like the ones I Mondays 180s.
Jessica A: But before my mom passed away.
Jessica A: I mean I had low blood pressure was like Reem between 113 and 120 would be that upper number and 76 would be the lower number, you know, so I had great blood pressure.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Jessica A: But after my mom passed away my blood pressure just started going through the world we started getting higher and higher and higher.
Jessica A: So they, you know, they put me on a blood pressure pill. What's a water pill combined
Jessica A: And she put me on
Jessica A: My feet had just, you know, and I told the doctor that repeat that told me show. I'm going to give me nothing like my feet like look like balloons.
Jessica A: I mean my feet were swollen up for no reason. And I was like cabin horrible pain. And she was like, oh no, she's like someone's about to be reevaluated
Jessica A: And so she took me off the regular blood pressure pill and put me on Clonidine, but I told her that factor Jamison had, you know, gave and everybody
Jessica A: Pretty much point you know 0.1 because they didn't know how the insurance was going to work with the you know prior OS and everything and just in case anybody needed them.
Jessica A: She was like, whoa, um, she's like, well, I'll leave it at that. She's like, but I'll give you a refill. So that way, she doesn't have to do it. She was like, she gave me a regular water pill and potassium in just a straight left Center Pro and
Richelle Direny: She said you're outside doctor right
Jessica A: Yeah, she said. She said, I need your dad to come up here and sign a release form for your mom's medical records because
Jessica A: I explained to her.
Jessica A: Um, this is the first month that a senior um I explained to her about how, you know, my mom just, you know,
Jessica A: Before I knew that she had had a heart for capitalization. And, you know, and then after I went home and I called my dad. He was like law. Your mom had heart catheterization, two months before she passed away.
Jessica A: I
Richelle Direny: Heard catheters catheterization.
Jessica A: Yeah, she had a short stint whatever hurt.
Jessica A: Okay, but what my dad, I said, Dad, you don't see a pattern.
Jessica A: I'm my grandma, which was my Mom's Mom had passed away.
Jessica A: Had heart and had heart since put in, but she had a blocked artery and one of the main arteries in her neck and they had to go in and unlock it and within two months on the second one smart. She passed away.
Jessica A: Um, because I remember because I was in Riverside with them at the time because because I drove up by myself.
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: So that kind of like, so when I went back and told the doctor. She was like, yeah, that raises questions in my mind on why
Jessica A: You know that you could have you know some type of heart condition. She's like the the part that bothers me is, is
Jessica A: Your blood pressure is, you know, high issues like you're at risk for heart attack or stroke.
Jessica A: And she was like, so you know she put me
Jessica A: On a different sleeping medication because I mean with the tries to do that. I was taking us take 150 milligrams
And
Jessica A: Yeah, it was not working. Like, I mean, it stopped working pretty much
Jessica A: So she
Jessica A: She still wanted me to take that and she added on.
Jessica A: DAX a teen
Richelle Direny: Was the back the pain for
Jessica A: Its for sleep.
Richelle Direny: Okay so hard time falling asleep.
Jessica A: Yeah, like, I mean I would be up until four or five o'clock in the morning and I don't know if it was just like
Jessica A: Thoughts, but I mean I have nightmares to do
Jessica A: And she said that that would, you know, help with
Richelle Direny: With that I did. I'm didn't we talk about you. I'm speaking with success arena.
Jessica A: Figure out
Richelle Direny: About the MTR
Jessica A: Yeah.
Jessica A: Yeah, you said you were gonna look into it and see what what we would have to do
Richelle Direny: I know we sent we sent emails to her. I just know for myself. I wanted to, um,
Richelle Direny: Well, I want to just personally
Richelle Direny: Just saw I could. I'm just understand it for myself because I'm so based on what the little better understand for it, I should say.
Richelle Direny: It's bad. Um, a lot of it has to do with
Richelle Direny: It's, it's something about rapid eye and a lot of tapping into like the different traumas and different situation. And I think you
Jessica A: You also have. I see.
Richelle Direny: Right, so depending on just kind of how you react to some of those memories.
Richelle Direny: You know, being on this platform. I wasn't really sure how it works. So I wanted to kind of have a conversation, but then Dr. Jamison also said that you guys had she had came to your group like with jargon.
Jessica A: Day.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so I mean if you have a clear understand. I think I just wanted to do it just for myself just to understand it. But if she had came to your group and explained it, and something that you're interested in. I mean, by all means.
Richelle Direny: I did write email, I'll send another one to see, you know, how do they go about getting you an appointment for it.
Richelle Direny: If something that by sitting
Jessica A: Yeah, I mean, because, I mean, that's a lot of my, you know, I mean, I went from having my, my whole family around to not you know
Jessica A: Anything. Right. You know, and
Richelle Direny: Because you didn't have to. You see you and you have a system right and you don't really have a good relationship with your son, I
Jessica A: Mean I talked to her, but
Jessica A: Her daughter is in a group home right now. And she's with her and I'm
Richelle Direny: Pretty sure she's with her. She lives in the
Jessica A: Wash, though she might with the coronavirus saying on around my sister one or home you know for the weekend because there was no score anything all the schools have been canceled.
Jessica A: Like I
Jessica A: Like to have my daughter home their life will have you come and get her you you've got to keep
Jessica A: It, you know, everything is is
Jessica A: Is lifted and on the part of that bothered me was, was
Jessica A: When I was still living at my elder apartment and my sister couldn't get her to listen. I mean,
Jessica A: She was molested by her dad, and she blames my sister for it because she my sister had to work in her youngest daughter with her to go the grocery store and made her oldest daughter stay behind with dad and he drugged her in
Jessica A: Our draw
Jessica A: In this stuff to her that he shutting down and she blames my sister for it because she had begged my sister to wish her mom, you know, let her go. And she's like, No, you just take your with your dad and
Jessica A: She kept showing signs and symptoms you know like outburst and everything and my sister wouldn't do nothing about it. And right before my mom passed away, my mom paid to get her moved
Jessica A: Out of the apartment that she was living in with him.
Jessica A: And right after my mom passed away. She
Jessica A: Wrote for my mom passed away, she took him back.
Jessica A: And I just keep thinking of the day that my mom died, you know, my sister was there, she was supposed to be helping me and her husband called said, well, you need to come home.
Jessica A: And take care of your effing kids, blah, blah, blah. And my moms like just let her go. You then she was like, I've got you here is I just keep replaying that my mind like you know I begged my dad to take my mom.
Jessica A: But my sister.
Jessica A: Last summer,
Jessica A: Pledge, he was having a lot of problems out of her daughter, the oldest one I bought our home with me say that night.
Jessica A: She stayed a couple of days.
Jessica A: And my sister said, Look, she's like she's got an appointment right up the road from relived can you bring her up there to me at a certain time.
Jessica A: And he said, Yeah. Whoa.
Jessica A: I didn't have no problems out of this girl like I mean she listened to me, you know, by, you know, Twitter, okay. Caitlin, it's time to lay down
Jessica A: She would go to bed, you know, she helped do chores around the house in and she just she was a total different child than what I've seen in my sister's possession, you know, because I was saying, you know, I stayed a couple of nights with my sister.
Jessica A: And from one environment to another environment. She, she was a girl that I knew you know the nice that I knew that she was
Jessica A: I mean I'm not saying that you know that she was going to forget about what her dad did but she was a total different person. She actually opened up and talk to me.
Jessica A: You know she hung out with her cousin, you know, which is my son.
Jessica A: You know, we went for a walk. So we went to the park. You know, my sister sits in a chair all day does nothing.
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: The last time that I have seen her was, you know, the day that I took her up there. They said, well, they said, I
Jessica A: Choose to go home with her mom. Yeah. And they told me, and they use my background on me. Of course, on my drug you know history.
Jessica A: But even though I was cleaned it didn't matter. Um,
Jessica A: It was, you know, the point that
Jessica A: And I didn't even understand why they let let her go on with me. My sister in him no electric for a week and they sent her home mother.
Jessica A: And I went, I went down there to get my soft Caitlin came up to me and she was like always love you. She was like, you've done more for me than anybody. She was like an old Never forget that. That was the last day that I've seen her for almost the whole year, you know,
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: Now she's in a group home she might not ever get to come on, you know, for it.
Jessica A: And she's only allowed to be gone so many days.
Jessica A: But with this coronavirus school and around. I mean, they kind of they they're holding her spot for her.
Jessica A: But it it's just hard for me to go down and you know like this weekend. I'm going to go down and stay the night on Friday and spend, you know, probably
Jessica A: A couple hours with them in, take the girls and do something with them on Saturday, but it's just hard for me to go down there and and be there because
Jessica A: I know that that could be the last time that I'm here for six more months, you know,
Jessica A: But, um,
Richelle Direny: And how old is your child is your sister. Nice. Right.
Jessica A: Yes, she's
Jessica A: To
Jessica A: So, I mean, I just, I mean, I don't have a anger at basis or I think I have more
Jessica A: I
Jessica A: Think I'm more upset with her than anything.
Jessica A: Because she could have said, you know,
Jessica A: My sister, you know, has changed. She is a good person and you know she would never hurt my daughter, but she didn't do that. She just went along with them in. But now that trauma services isn't involved. She's like, kind of, let me, you know, back into our lives.
Jessica A: But, um,
Jessica A: You know, so that that was another you know it's traumatic thing. But, you know, my mom knew you know she knew about everything, and she finally, you know,
Jessica A: Seeing that I was telling the truth about a lot of the things that my dad and my brother had for old and my mom's head. Oh, she's, she's nothing but she just lying to you.
Jessica A: She's just trying to play your mind and you know, just like I said I begged my dad that day to take what he called me and told me to leave that he was on his way home. He was just on a Walmart. I said, Dad, you've got to take her to the doctor.
Jessica A: So,
Jessica A: My dad went did go and sign records for her medical records physical medical records mentally. My dad had her he a medical is blocked in locked up. So no other doctors can access them.
Jessica A: So I'm just kind of wondering what else he's hiding. You know, why would you do that, you know, um, so
Jessica A: When I went in yesterday, my blood pressure was high again and I had taken my blood pressure pills and everything, you know, so she increased my blood pressure pill again.
Jessica A: I'm in bed gave me some other meds and I, I just, you know, she said, You know, you're not gonna get through this overnight. She says, you know, it could be, it could take years. She's like, you're never going to forget.
Jessica A: You know, the family that you had that cared about you that were here for you and
Jessica A: You know, but every single one of my and locals on my mom's side had died of some type of heart complication. And that's what she's worried about
Jessica A: So she's gonna have heart.
Jessica A: She ordered a couple of heart test.
Jessica A: For me to have done.
Jessica A: As well. So, um,
Jessica A: Because you know she, she's like, you know, I'm kind of actually worried. Right now, you know, with your blood pressure being high in the history that
Jessica A: It runs through your mom's side of the family. And, you know, my dad's dad fold fell over have a heart attack. So it runs on both sides, you know,
Jessica A: And, you know, they were all on my mom's side. They all died.
Jessica A: A between 40 and 50
Jessica A: Some of them died not till they were in their 50s, but
Jessica A: Three of them died before they were 50, you know, and I haven't lied to my son about anything, you know, um, I was just so tired. Yesterday I came home.
Jessica A: I sat down on the couch and I fall asleep.
Jessica A: I woke up now right mirror set up out the blue.
Jessica A: But I had started that total yet either because I just
Jessica A: I fell. I fell asleep, and that's the first time that
Jessica A: I think I was just so tired and over exhaust tonight. My body just gave out, you know,
Jessica A: But
Jessica A: My sounds like
Jessica A: Can you run into the gas station, this, this was at three o'clock in the morning.
Richelle Direny: Has he been staying with you.
Jessica A: I'm kinda sorta but he's got his own place to um so
Jessica A: Yeah, that really been working a lot of hours because of this coronavirus thing but um you know I had told him earlier that day with the doctor Saturn.
Jessica A: He started crying to me. He was like, Mom, he was like, I can't lose you. He was like up my mom and dad.
Jessica A: For the past 10 years and he was like, we're gonna fix this. He was like, even if I've got to pay for us, like I'm not losing you it made me start crying. Of course, you know,
Jessica A: And I told him, I said, You're gonna lose me and I said, you know, I've got confidence and, you know,
Jessica A: That
Jessica A: You know I'm going to be okay.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Jessica A: He was like, No mom us like you've got older, she did it from my point of view, he was like, I don't have my dad. He was like, my group was calling all my ears and uncles are dead. He was like, I don't have a grandpa.
Jessica A: Um,
Jessica A: He said,
Richelle Direny: Your, your dad doesn't um
Richelle Direny: You're now not very involved with him.
Jessica A: He has taught my son, since he was 15 years old.
Richelle Direny: So even though you're you see your dad and you talk to your dad. He hasn't really no
Jessica A: I don't talk to my dad mom or my dad's mad at me.
Jessica A: So,
Jessica A: And that that's what started to think, between me and my brother.
Jessica A: I said, you know, because my brothers like my brother had my phone number, but I never called him. I never talked to him after, you know, I started seeing you like I just kind of like backed off totally you know just stopped.
Jessica A: Because he didn't have no more control you know his my phone was in his day. He wasn't paying my bills, you know, and so I figured, you know,
Jessica A: We'll see what happens. And he's
Richelle Direny: The brother that your dad wanted you to go
Richelle Direny: Go with him to see, and then you you you ended up having a wife.
Jessica A: Because he did so to me when I was younger. Yeah.
Jessica A: He pretty much message me and say message. My dad, I said, Look, I said I had some packages at your house. I said I need them.
Jessica A: Um,
Jessica A: So if you could please drop them off. You don't you just follow my porch. I don't care.
Jessica A: I said, other than I use like he told my brother. He told my brother to message me and tell me that he did not get no messages for me.
Jessica A: And my brothers, like, I want you to prove it that you messaged him, I said, excuse me, I don't have to prove anything to you. I don't even have to answer to you. I said, and honestly,
Jessica A: I probably shouldn't say it like that, but pretty much told me to go app itself and walking
Jessica A: Yeah I don't you know and I basically had a
Richelle Direny: Hard time. This is the brother. Nice. You had a hard time because of what he's done.
Richelle Direny: You. Hi. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. Did you feel it can just even
Jessica A: EVEN MEAN IT MADE. I mean it lifted it will auto relief and he and he, you know, of course, starting this to me and stuff. Again, I said, Good luck. I said it over a 13 inch TV set that was 10 is probably 10 years old now.
Jessica A: You know, somebody broke into my one of my old houses will be here when I first moved in. When I went to a three day detox and pretty much robbed me of everything I had my neighbor knew I was calling. So, and
Jessica A: Um, I told my brother in the truth. My mom and them knew the truth because I had my grandma stuff sort of my house.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Jessica A: But they didn't take the last I because it was all like from 1956, you know, and they mean pictures and stuff.
Jessica A: But, you know,
Jessica A: In in my dad's like, you know, I don't understand why your son don't hate you. I said, because when I was using drugs. I made sure my son had a safe place to go.
Jessica A: I still made sure he had food.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Jessica A: I said, I might have been
Richelle Direny: Used
Richelle Direny: I don't know you froze for a while.
Jessica A: Yeah, it's because somebody tried to call me and I've got the
Jessica A: The calling restrictions on so nobody can try to call in, but
Jessica A: Anyways,
Jessica A: I told them, You know, I said, I might have been not the best mom but I made sure that he was saved. I made sure he had a roof over his head.
Jessica A: He had a food, you have a safe place to go pee did not feel safe, you know and and that's exactly what trolls hers has said. They said, you know,
Jessica A: I mean, they got involved, but they close the case because I had agreed to go, you know, to detox and then that's what my, my dad, you know,
Jessica A: Paid to get my husband to try to pay for all the court costs and everything for my husband to try to take it, which it never happened. They said, I don't even know how you got this child enrolled in the school, but she returning back to his mom.
Jessica A: Then that and I think that's another reason why my son has a lottery fact for me because I could have went picked him up in Turkey amount of wherever he was had
Jessica A: But
Jessica A: Me and
Jessica A: My brother in law, his girlfriend at the time there Mary know came over here. She had messaged me. She was like, look, we talk. I said, Okay, that's not a problem. And she met me
Jessica A: Like that, on the square, hear me, so it's a big ol public place. You know, so I knew I would be protected, you know, just in case they tried to do something, you know, I didn't choose. I said, Look, I said, I don't. She was like, here's what it is.
Jessica A: They said, is the I took him and dumped him off at your parents, and he needs to get his life together.
Jessica A: And I'm like, whoa. Well, maybe he should have thought about that before you decide to, you know, to have a child and get married and everything else, you know, is she was like so.
Jessica A: Your, your mom. She's like, you know, is doing good. I said, I know that I don't need people to keep reminding me, you know,
Jessica A: Because of that time she was sick.
And
Jessica A: She was like, so he is our house. I said, I don't want to reveal him away and switching schools and all this other south and
Jessica A: I said that's not what I want to do. And I was living at a sober house at that point time
Jessica A: And
Jessica A: I said, You know, I'm living in a sober treatment facility. I said, you know,
Jessica A: He can come there on low, you know, weekends, but he can't come and say they're full time anyway. I said I would have to you know get a place
Richelle Direny: As her son.
Right.
Jessica A: Because, you know, my, my dad has lied to me the whole entire time that he was with me or that he was with them and he technically never even stayed one night there.
Jessica A: But long story short, we waited until some, you know, summer came and he was out of school and then they the
Jessica A: Sober house that I was at let him come and stay with me, you know, the summer in till I found a place I was up on my feet and, you know,
Jessica A: They just told me, You know, I had to be out there by by time school start again.
Jessica A: Mm hmm. So, I mean, you know, and I mean don't get me wrong, you know, we've had our little arguments and stuff because he is a spoiled brat.
Jessica A: But you know, I
Jessica A: We, we have a better relationship. Now then, you know, we really ever have. And he's just, you know, he's really worried that someone's going to happen to me.
Richelle Direny: Here you at where you hospitalized recently.
Jessica A: Oh,
Richelle Direny: Because I know, I know that the the relationship seems to be on a rocky slope, to some degree, it's like
Richelle Direny: I know in the beginning you guys you know he had this girlfriend that seems
Richelle Direny: To be somewhat toxic to dribble really both of your relationships because of what she contributed to it. And is that because that girlfriend is no longer around right
Jessica A: Well, she's around um
Jessica A: I didn't go through
Jessica A: With the court proceeding.
Jessica A: Because, you know, even though he's my son.
Mm hmm.
Jessica A: He's 18 you know
Jessica A: I pretty much look at it like this. If I go to that court hearing and they put her in jail.
Jessica A: You know, he's gonna well first off I proved to him that I wasn't the one that press the charges and he apologized.
Jessica A: He came to me, he says, Mom. He says, I don't want her to go to jail. I said, Try and I didn't, I didn't do this, you know,
Jessica A: I said, You know, I was trying to help. Emily, your, your cousin. Oh, and she cues you guys have Dayton and screwing each other. I said, you know, that's, that's not on me. I said I was trying to protect our whole I had her baby because she Emily was only 17, I said.
Richelle Direny: I have a son. Your son has a Your son has much higher
Jessica A: Yeah, his, his cousin does
Jessica A: I said, you know, there was a baby up there. I just wasn't going to let anybody run up in my home and try to fight anybody with
Jessica A: You know, all of you guys. They were all under age, then, you know, and those sooner than my son come down the steps I was already flipped over the rail Lane in the middle of the sidewalk.
Jessica A: And I had hit my head. I had a seizure, as is pretty much what happened. So they didn't have trains for me to the hospital, but they had let me go and they got the medical reports.
Jessica A: The police department dead in the prosecutor decided to file charges because there was medical injuries.
Jessica A: documented by the hospital.
Jessica A: Well, I didn't. Yeah. So, so they didn't press charges against her while she had some other schooling, I guess, when we was the first hearing. She wasn't complying with school, but she was working a full time job at the age of 16
Jessica A: And I told him, I said, You know, I said, I just want you to be careful.
Jessica A: And that's why he had left home originally was because of all that and it caused some tension between me and him. I mean, we still talk. Don't get me wrong, but he wouldn't like physically come and see me and that was the hardest single of me.
Jessica A: So after I didn't go the court hearing and the charges were dropped you know like we slowly started you know
Jessica A: I would meet up with them or in legal guy ice cream or we would go shopping or, you know, we would do something productive and
Jessica A: You know, it meant a lot to him to me and her going along. And I guess I that's the only reason why I really tolerate her is because I love and care about the song so much and I don't want to see her.
Jessica A: But he, he told me last week that the cops were there. The week before because the neighbors had heard screaming and yelling and I told him I said tryin i said i
Jessica A: Am not yelling at you. I'm not screaming at you. I said, but as a mother. I want you to please listen to me. I said, if the cops get caught up there and she is there. Is she says you even touch her with your hand, you're going to go to jail for domestic violence.
Jessica A: I said, I don't want to have to come to visit my, my son in jail.
Jessica A: I said, I don't want you to lose your job. I don't want you to lose your apartment. I want you to graduate you. I said, if you go to jail, all that is gone.
Jessica A: You know,
Jessica A: You seen you know his dad.
Richelle Direny: You don't respect him.
Jessica A: So,
Richelle Direny: Did he seem receptive to everything that you said
Jessica A: Yeah, he started crying. And, um, you know, so
Jessica A: I went up there and then
Jessica A: This is what really kind of sent me though I had went up there.
Jessica A: A day or two after
Jessica A: And one of the other person's which was her brother, my son's girlfriend's brother that was involved in, you know,
Jessica A: Pushing me over the railing and hit me in the back that I was walking up the steps to go do something with my son.
Jessica A: This kid slams the door in my face. I'm like, okay, so I call my son. I say, Can you please come open the door. So he comes in opens the door and he's in his bedroom, I said, trying
Jessica A: I said,
Jessica A: He was out there and his girlfriend was like, oh, that's my brother. I said, Okay. I said, Well, I'm saying in here because I don't feel comfortable around him.
Jessica A: I said it and try in I said your company needs to have a little bit more respect because he did sleep in the dorm a face.
Jessica A: He was like, Mom, he was like his father nigga issue. He's like, I try to stick up for you, but I know out you. I said, What is that supposed to mean he's like every time I do. Everybody gets jealous.
Jessica A: I said, I'm your mom. I said, Who gives a shit what anybody thinks
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Obviously, so you're saying. You're saying in the last month or so the relationship between you and your son has been getting a lot better.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Then
Jessica A: Yeah, and he just said, You know, I'm just being honest. He was like, it's been bothering me for a while he was like, but every time I stick up for you. I get yelled at, or I get told that my mom's a piece of shit. He said that really hurts my feelings. He was like, because
Richelle Direny: He was coming in there.
Jessica A: I think it's his girlfriend's brother and I think maybe a little bit of her and I know her mom cannot stand me
Richelle Direny: If he does he have low self esteem.
Jessica A: He does. He definitely does. And she makes them feel like that.
Richelle Direny: I'm
Jessica A: Like I been, you know, I take him to the store and I, you know, let him. So spend so much you know on groceries, you know, if he needs hopeless. I've i i do I help him.
Jessica A: You know, but I told him I said she should not be staying the night with you. I said, until she has the age of 17 and she really don't even need to be up there. He was like, But mom, she pays helps me pay my bills. I said,
Jessica A: Yeah, but right now with I mean everything the way it is like he's still waiting on his income tax.
Jessica A: And I told him I might be waiting on that for about three more months because they're not doing anything with the income taxes.
Jessica A: Until you know they decide what they're doing with the rest of this stuff. You know what I mean, that's what I told him, I said, if you need help. I will help you.
Jessica A: I said I can't give you that much hope. But I said, Don't forget, as well. I said, you know, if you was the up and get evicted.
Jessica A: Because you got into a fight with her, and you went to jail for domestic violence that would be one thing I said, but if you need help pay your bills that bad. I said, you know, you've got another room to come home to. I'm not going to deny you a place to live. You're my son.
Jessica A: And he just, you know, he started crying and just like I said about the medical building. He was like, Mom, he was like, We'll figure it out. If your insurance will
Jessica A: Cover it. He was like, I'll pay for it. If I have to
You just
Jessica A: It really broke my heart. You know, I mean, it broke my heart. But it made me have you know
Jessica A: To hear something like that come out of a sudden, you know, because right oh my dad's trying to stop me and him from going and my sister and her girls. He said, We're not allowed to go to the cemetery at all.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Um, I mean it sounds. It sounds like your son. It sounds in everything. And I know that you've kind of struggled with, you know, the relationship with your son, and with your dad and kind of all the people in your family.
Richelle Direny: I think more importantly, you're working more so on building this relationship with your son just kind of getting back to a good place with your son.
Richelle Direny: And it sounds like you guys started at least starting a conversation at least starting to have
Richelle Direny: You know, a meaningful conversation. So it sounds like you guys are in a good place. But it sounds like individually you both struggle with self esteem or some degree of self esteem. I see that you struggle with it.
Richelle Direny: And it's something that you know you have to work on yourself first, though, you're trying to rebuild the relationship with your son.
Richelle Direny: You have to work by you first so that you can be in a better place to help him along the way, because it feels like he's doing a lot of defending like you guys are defending each other in different ways.
Right.
Richelle Direny: And so, you know, you do you. Were you guys really do have
Richelle Direny: You know, a pretty long.
Richelle Direny: Way to go.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But listen, let's reschedule on let's schedule a session for next week because oh let me see if I can put you on for next week because, um, I also have, I have a group coming up next, that I have to
Okay.
Richelle Direny: So let's see, um,
Jessica A: Do you think that show know something about that before, maybe next week on what we would have to do to
Jessica A: With that one woman that I forget her name again already
Jessica A: With the
Jessica A: White and the
Jessica A: Female that you said
Jessica A: That we talked about right when the, when we first started the session.
Jessica A: No, no, no, the girl with the
Jessica A: That filled in for john that day that does the thing with the
Richelle Direny: Law, the end or the email at the end.
I
Jessica A: Was called
Like
Richelle Direny: Oh yeah, send her an email. I'm going to send an email again and then once I hear back from her. I'm gonna send you a message.
OK.
Jessica A: OK, I will be the same time and same day next week.
Jessica A: Guys, my Friday or
Jessica A: To see you again.
Richelle Direny: Let me see. That's what I'm looking at.
Richelle Direny: What time is it o'clock.
Richelle Direny: I wouldn't be able to do. The only thing I can do maybe let's do um
Jessica A: Cuz I mean like afternoons are better for me. Let's lay my sleeping as
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: Let me. All right, then let's do this. Let's do four o'clock on the eighth
Jessica A: It's a Friday.
Richelle Direny: That works. Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, I'll put you down for four o'clock on Friday. OK.
Jessica A: OK. And I'll put my I'll put it in my calendar. Soon as I I leave out of here.
Richelle Direny: Or no, no problem. And then I'll see you in group.
Richelle Direny: Do you go to the morning groups or do you go
Jessica A: I normally go to the morning routine, but
Jessica A: It's complicated. I'm probably
Jessica A: Neck. I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Doesn't matter what group in my group their center. And I know Dr. Jamison does the reminder also
Jessica A: Right. Yeah, I probably end up going to evenings, because it's just easier for me. But yeah. Dr. James says just send a letter. Know what I choose to do so. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, okay. So I put you down for the APEC for okay
Jessica A: Okay, thank you very much.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Just
Jessica A: To talk. Have a good weekend.
Richelle Direny: You too. Bye bye.